marhaba that's hello in Arabic
I'm chef Kemal and you're cooking with
Kemal Lebanese style I'm going to show
you the way that I like to prepare Peter
dippers or Peter croutons using
store-bought pita bread I want to show
you how to toast pita bread the two
different ways that I use them is for
pita dippers with dips like homeless or
baba ghanoush or any of your favorite
dip at home or as croutons in salads
such as fetoosh so what I like to do is
I start with about a six-inch pita bread
a medium size it can be six to seven
inch and make them into triangles so
what I do is I just take the pita bread
I cut it in half and then we're gonna
get it in half again and then each
quarter we're gonna cut into fours and
then we're gonna take this quarter and
cut it into fours as well each time
we're trying to make even triangles and
then I'm gonna line them on a baking
sheet see what I've done is I've lined
them in such a way so that when they
bake they'll eat bake evenly
I put them back and forth like this and
this way they'll bake evenly and they'll
stay straight and you'll be able to bake
them all the way through through there
nice and crisp and crunchy just follow
the baking directions in the recipe just
go ahead and line these across the tray
I wouldn't do a double stack if you need
to make more just go ahead and line
another tray with them okay and then
you're going to put them and bake them
the way the recipe tells you and at the
end you're gonna end up with these
wonderful baked pita dippers you really
want to test them before you take them
out make sure they're baked all the way
through you want to make sure that
they're baked so that when you
they really crunch and
hmmm that's what you want perfectly
baked pita dippers they'll stay like
this you can keep them in the cupboard
in a plastic bag and keep them in the
pantry for weeks now you can flavor
these with olive oil and you can put
granulated onion paprika cumin there's
all sorts of ways to flavor them and
that's in the book as well the other
thing we do our croutons so again you
use you can use these six inch beaters
or you can use the larger pitas for this
for the pita dippers you want the
smaller one because the larger ones
would just be too big I have this size
so I'm gonna go ahead and use this I
just go ahead and put two on top for the
Peter croutons again I'm just gonna cut
one inch strips of pita bread then you
can just put them on top of each other
we're gonna make one inch cubes now
again I'm just going to put these on a
foil lined baking tray these you want to
every now and then you want to just toss
them around you don't have to separate
the halves of pita that's fine you just
want to toss them around on the tray
move them every now and then and bake
them and again you want to make sure
that the end of what you get is it's
baked all the way through taste a few
before you take it out of the oven and
again if the following day they seem
stale just put it back in the oven and
bake them a little longer
but you really want when you bite into
it that's what you want you want them to
be crisp look they they're so crisp that
they break apart now these you can
flavor them though these in the book I
use them for fits your salad so I'll
pour olive oil over these and add sumac
you can store them in a container for
weeks if they're absolutely delicious
she'll probably munch on them all the
time I know
do and then I also use them for the
layered lamb and garlic yogurt you put
this as a layer of it and you could
clarified butter on these you're gonna
find lots of ways to use these croutons
in your salads at home I hope you enjoy
them I hope you've enjoyed this tutorial
for more information on this recipe and
my cookbook classic Lebanese cuisine
please visit us at cooking with kemal
dot-com I hope you enjoy preparing these
recipes with your friends and family as
we say in Arabic sateen double help
you